6/25/15
	10:13+
		Fixing the ERD and setting up campaigns.

6/24/15
	12:26+
		Working on seeding the heroku environment.

6/23/15
	14:38
		Finish the greetings specs. Started on mocking campaigns, but that is a waste of time. Campaigns will be finished within a few days and the api will be updated then. Going to upload to heroku now.

	12:12+
		Passing controller specs for greetings.

6/22/15
	18:34-
		Working on the "Greetings" now, which will lead to the campaigns. The user can create many greetings, but only 1 per location can be used. Therefore, I need to update the prototype to include this list of "index" functionality for greetings. Also, add "index" to the greetings controller and routes.
		  Tomorrow:
		  * Greeting controller specs PASS
		  * Mock campaigns and feeds
		  * Serialize friend IDs when saving facebook
		  * Ask greg if friends are saved on google+ as well
		  * Authentication for api (ehh)
		  * Setup heroku and run test on api

	15:03
		Finished the locations api calls! Now starting on campaigns

	13:54+
		Continuing the fetch nearby call.

	11:30+
		Testing the "fetch nearby" locations call, then onto the map call. After testing, moving onto the campaigns!

6/20/15
	21:45-
		Finished the visit api controls. Just started working on "fetch_nearby" for locations. It should work, but we need a way to test it. After this, move onto the location_in_map api call. Then onto campaigns!

	20:45+
		Working to finish the visit model, then finishing the fetch location method.

	19:54-
		Working on the locations api and needed to update the visits. Instead of many visit rows per location, it will increment. I'm implementing a class method for Visit which will do this. I just finished writing the test, now need to implement the code. Then finish working on the location get api call.

	11:22-
		Completed the receipt uploading functionality. **Need to add paperclip to campaign models when they are created.

	08:54+
		Ok, I'm skipping authentication for now and just writing all of the API controllers to pass tests. I'll manually input the user until I can figure out testing. This way, 1 little thing will not continue to hold me up.

6/19/15
	22:02-
		Having a hard time with the authentication! Need to just skip it, finish the API, then worry about token authentication!

	20:14+
		Finishing the new authentication header and testing the customer api.

	19:30-
		Working on setting up the authentication header for api tests. This will solve the problem of having to set get or post params.

	12:37+
		Today I plan on getting the customer (sign in, out, fetch), locations (fetch, find near, find in map), notification (send), and receipt (send) api calls finished. If I have time, I want to be able to create mock JSON for the visits

6/17/15
	18:10-
		Got rocket pants setup and ready to go. Got the routes ready. Now I just need to implement all of the controllers. Additionally, I'll need to create the campaigns, redemptions, and visits for the api to be ready!

6/16/15
	17:27-
		Got the beacons and locations all finished! *I might end up converting more request specs into controller specs now that I understand them better. ** Next step is to create the API. So get ready!

	11:00+
		Working on completing the beacon spec. After that, customer validation of location. Need to finish both of these today and start on the API!

6/14/15
	8:55-
		The @payment var is showing as nil in the beacon spec. Which doesn't allow any of the new tests to run. Fix this.
		
	8:47+
		Working on the beacon "it" tests real quick.

6/13/15
	23:10-
		Got the payment tests done. Got the beacon testing ready to be implemented (the "its" are there). Need to finish the "its" in the beacon, then move onto the customer validating a location. That is all! Finally, run all tests.

	22:13+
		Trying to finish thoses tests real quick.

	20:18-
		Got the request specs working. Now, need to get the confirm key from the email and test the beacon creator. After that, test the location validator once a user received the beacon via mail. That should be all the tests.

	16:43+
		Cut out of office fast yesterday, couldn't log. Stripe is integrated on the front end, and also the test end. Working on the payment controller now to see if the whole beacon/location process gets completed.

6/12/15
	09:08+
		Diagramming the location order process again. Then, starting to test the process.

6/11/15
	22:01-
		Got the stripe integration done, as well as the order creation and the beacon creation! Everything should be set for testing now. Need to test: New Location > New Order (payment details) > Click link in email > Create beacon. After this, test the Location "Confirm UUID" code for when the business owner received the iBeacon in the mail. After that, if tests look good, we're good to go!

	20:38+
		My goal for tonight is to complete the stripe integration, breacon creation, and beacon approval. Let's see how close we get!

	17:24-
		So, we're going to separate the Business, Location, and Order creation. I'm working to install Stripe so that we can get it out of the way and test the Beacon order process. Currently working in orders_controller.rb. I need to setup the routes for /locations/#/order/new because the order needs to be built from the location selected.

	15:45+
		Another slow day. Today, the registration process needs to be completed.

	11:13-
		Just finished making some nice looking sequence diagrams for the registration/order process. Now, my goals are to finish the business registration process (everything but stripe).
		- Create business
		- Create primary location
		- Fake stripe
		- Create order
		- Send admin email
		- Confirm order and create beacon
		- Activate location once beacon is received

6/10/15
	17:56-
		The capybara test works! A user confirms their email, signs in, then is directed to the new business page! Next, we need to implement the details that will create a business and their first location.

	17:05
		The user controller with devise is tougher than I thought. I've decided to just deal with creating the business and location AFTER the user has confirmed their account. I did, however, modify the controller to allow for the "first" and "last" names to be saved on creation.

		The last thing I did was create a capybara test for the registration pae to ensure that the names were saved... they are! Now, create a capybara test that will sign up and go to the confirmation URL. This page should redirect the user to create a new business and location.

	14:24
		Today is the day of back to the future! I'm going to get a little more structured and follow through with the PDF as I go through the schedule. Businesses aren't able to be created nor modified, so this will be added now.

6/9/15
	22:58
		Retiring for night. Just added the visit! method for customers. Tomorrow I should add campaigns.

	22:42
		Added beacon, location, and visit specs. Will probably postpone redemptions until tomorrow because I didn't realize locations were not finished.	

	21:47
		Finished the capybara testing for the current stage of the customers index	

	21:13
		Earlier I updated the MySQL ERD to the new schema based off of memory. Today was a long day with school, so I haven't started on this project until now. It's late, so my goals are to:
		- Setup capybara testing for the customers
		- Build the "Visit" association
		- Build the "Redemption" association

6/8/15
	20:04
		The customers are setup to display points and listing depending on the current_user's business ID. The export is also ready. The next step is to just look through the PDF and ensure that the controller tests cover the page. Also, setup the view and run simple capybara testing. After customers, we'll move onto the campaign system.